BigAnimal - Snapshot backups (#5763)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/overview/04_responsibility_model.mdx

-   EDB is responsible for taking backups and archiving transaction logs and storing them in object storage instances. 
-   You are responsible for the charges associated with the cloud object storage solution. If you're using BigAnimal's cloud account, these charges are passed along to you in your monthly rates.
-   You are responsible for periodically restoring and verifying the restores to ensure that archives can meet your recovery time and recovery point objectives. 
-   BigAnimal provides two methods of backups:

>     -   Base backups that are the backups of the data directory of your Postgres clusters.

Author: ```suggestion
    -   Base backups are the backups of the data directory of your Postgres clusters taken using Barman. These backups are stored on object storage or respective cloud service providers.
```
